YUMA: LAST TIME
ON YU-GI-OH! ZEXAL
ROKU: THE NAME HAPPENS
TO BE ROKU, BUT YOU
CAN CALL ME MASTER ROKU!
ALL: "MASTER ROKU??"
ALL THE LEGENDARY
MONSTERS IN ONE PLACE!
WOW!
I POURED MY HEART
AND SOUL INTO MAKING
THESE WOODEN STATUES.
DURING A DUEL, THESE
STATUES COME TO LIFE!
DO YOU WANT TO SEE?
HMM?
GET SET TO GET DECKED OLD-TIMER!
I'M ACTIVATING, THE
STATUE ZONE FIELD SPELL!
TREMBLE AS MY BLUE-EYES
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
HUH?
HEY!
UH, CAN I HELP YOU?
GET AWAY, MY BOY.
UH.
AWAY FROM WHAT?
YOU MEAN THIS GUY?
WHO IS HE?
KAZE, A FORMER PUPIL OF MINE.
KAZE: I'M THE MASTER NOW,
WHERE'S THE DECK?
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE
TO GO THROUGH ME TO GET IT.
LET'S DUEL!
WITH THESE TWO MONSTERS, I BUILD
THE OVERLAY NETWORK
AND XYZ SUMMON,
BLADE ARMOR NINJA!
POOR FOOL.
IF YOU HADN'T TRIED TO
PROTECT YOUR MONSTER,
YOU WOULDN'T HAVE
TAKEN ANY DAMAGE AT ALL.
MY MONSTERS ARE MY FRIENDS.
THEY'VE GOT MY BACK,
AND I'VE GOT THEIRS!
YOUR "FRIENDS?" THAT
KIND OF THINKING WILL
LEAD YOU TO YOUR UNDOING.
WELL THEN GIVE ME ALL YOU'VE
GOT AND LET'S FIND OUT!
[♪...]
♪ AS LIFE IS A GAME THEY SAY ♪
♪ I CAN'T WIN, I'LL NEVER AMOUNT
TO NOTHING ♪
♪ DOWN AND DOWN
BEFORE MY LIFE BEGINS ♪
♪ I WON'T BE AFRAID TO CHALLENGE
MYSELF ♪
♪ THEY WON'T EVER BREAK MY FIRE,
MY DREAMS FROM DIEING ♪
♪ I HI-FIVE THE SKYS ♪
♪ SPREAD MY WINGS SAY GOT THIS
TIME TO FLY ♪
♪ TAKE A CHANCE TO MAKE IT ALL
THE WAY ♪
♪ TAKE A CHANCE FORGETTING
YESTERDAY ♪
♪ TAKE A CHANCE BELIEVE... ♪
♪ NOTHING WILL BRING ME DOWN ♪
♪ NO RETREAT WHEN I LEAVE ALL MY
FEARS BEHIND ♪
♪ MY FUTURE IS STILL ALIVE
INSIDE ♪
♪ TAKE A CHANCE TO CHASE MY
DOUBTS AWAY ♪
♪ BELIEVING GETS ME THROUGH MY
DARKEST DAYS ♪
[♪...]
♪ TAKE A CHANCE TO MAKE IT ALL
THE WAY ♪
♪ TAKE A CHANCE FORGETTING
YESTERDAY ♪
♪ TAKE A BREATHE MY HEART WILL
LEAD THE WAY ♪
♪ TAKE A CHANCE ♪
♪ I'M TAKING A CHANCE TODAY ♪
ROKU!
ONCE I DEFEAT THIS PATHETIC
STUDENT OF YOURS,
I WILL TRULY BE THE MASTER OF
THIS DUEL SANCTUARY AND THE
LEGENDARY DECK YOU HOLD
SO DEAR WILL BE MINE.
AND THEN I WILL BE UNSTOPPABLE!
LOOK, SAMURAI GUY, I DON'T EVEN
KNOW WHAT THIS LEGENDARY DECK IS
ALL I KNOW IS THAT MASTER ROKU
DOESN'T WANT YOU TO HAVE IT.
SO YOU'RE NOT GONNA GET IT!
HMPH!
YOU WOULD BE WISE TO RETHINK
THIS DUEL AND QUIT NOW.
TRUST ME.
DO NOT STAND IN MY WAY.
FOR IF YOU DO.
I WILL SHOW NO MERCY!
AND YOU WILL FEEL MY WRATH!
BRONK: SHOW HIM WHAT
YOU'RE MADE OF, YUMA!
TORI: THIS GUY WAS YOUR STUDENT?
WAS HE LIKE ANY GOOD?
HE WAS THE BEST STUDENT I'VE
EVER HAD UNTIL THE
DARKNESS FILLED HIS HEART AND
CORRUPTED HIS SPIRIT.
BRING IT ON, YA' BIG WIND BAG!
I DRAW!
NOW IF I LOWER DODODO WARRIOR'S
ATTACK POINTS BY 500,
I CAN SUMMON IT TO THE FIELD!
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU'RE DOING, DO YOU?
IF YOU HAD TRIBUTED GAGAGA
MAGICIAN TO SUMMON DODODO
WARRIOR, IT WOULD'VE COME TO THE
FIELD WITH MORE ATTACK POINTS
THAN MY BLADE ARMOR NINJA.
WHY WOULD YUMA KEEP HIS MAGICIAN
IF IT MEANS MAKING DODODO
WARRIOR WEAKER?
ASTRAL: YUMA, DID YOU DO THAT
JUST TO PROTECT YOUR MAGICIAN?
YOU GOT A PROBLEM WITH THAT?
I DO NOT.
ALRIGHT, NEXT UP, I
ACTIVATE THE FULL-FORCE STRIKE
SPELL CARD FROM MY HAND!
WHEN OUR MONSTERS BATTLE,
NEITHER ONE OF US TAKES DAMAGE,
BUT YOUR MONSTER
WILL BE DESTROYED!
NOW I'M GONNA ATTACK
YOUR BLADE ARMOR NINJA
WITH DODODO WARRIOR!
GO DODODO AXE!
I ACTIVATE MY TRAP!
ARMOR NINJITSU ART OF FREEZING!
WHEN THERE'S A NINJA ON MY
FIELD, THIS TRAP NOT ONLY STOPS
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK.
BUT IT BINDS YOUR SO
CALLED FRIEND SO THAT IT
CAN'T CHANGE BATTLE MODE.
THAT IS NOT GOOD.
YOUR EFFORTS TO STOP ME ARE IN
VAIN, YOU'RE GOING TO FALL AND
ROKU'S LEGENDARY
DECK WILL BE MINE!
YOU MIGHT HAVE MY BACK AGAINST
THE WALL, BUT YOU'RE NOT GONNA
BEAT ME OR GET MASTER
ROKU'S LEGENDARY DECK!
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
HMPH!
IN THAT CASE - I DRAW!
I ACTIVATE THE SPELL SPY ATTACK!
BY SENDING ONE MONSTER FROM MY
HAND TO THE GRAVEYARD, I GAIN
THE ABILITY TO LOOK AT A
FACEDOWN CARD ON YOUR FIELD!
AQUA ARMOR NINJA!
SNEAK INTO THE ENEMY'S DOMAIN
AND REVEAL HIS TACTICS!
UNLIKE YOU, KAZE SEEMS
TO HAVE NO PROBLEM
SACRIFICING HIS MONSTERS.
NOW SHOW ME YOUR CARD!
INTERESTING
CAREFUL BOY.
GRANDMA: DID YOU GET YUMA TO DO
ALL THIS CLEANING, ROKU?!
I'M IMPRESSED!
I CAN'T EVEN GET HIM TO
STRAIGHTEN UP HIS ROOM!
HARU?
LONG TIME NO SEE!
HEY THERE, KARI!
I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M SEEING
WHAT I'M SEEING, YUMA!
UH-! KARI!?
DIDN'T WE HAVE A LITTLE TALK
ABOUT YOU DUELING!?
WHAT'D I SAY?
PUT YOUR KNUCKLES AWAY.
YOU CANNOT STOP YUMA FROM BEING
WHO HE IS ANY MORE THAN
YOU CAN STOP THE
WIND FROM BLOWING.
AND AS A GROWING DUELIST, YOUR
BROTHER NEEDS YOUR SUPPORT.
UUH, YEAH!
WHAT HE SAID.
YOU MUST REMAIN FOCUSED, YUMA.
ON WHAT?
HOW NICE OF YOUR FAMILY
TO GATHER LIKE THIS.
THEY'RE JUST IN TIME TO WATCH
YOU SUFFER A BITTER DEFEAT!
BLADE ARMOR NINJA - ATTACK
GAGAGA MAGICIAN!
GO ELECTROMAGNETIC SWORD STRIKE!
SWIFT LIKE A HUMMINGBIRD, BLADE
ARMOR NINJA WHIRLS AROUND AS I
USE ITS OVERLAY UNIT
TO ATTACK AGAIN
BID FAREWELL TO YOUR
FRIEND DODODO WARRIOR!
THANKS TO MY SPY ATTACK, I KNOW
THAT YOUR FACEDOWN CARD IS
GAGAGABACK, WHICH CAN RESURRECT
YOUR MONSTERS IN EXCHANGE FOR
600 LIFE POINTS EACH.
USE IT, LITTLE GNAT, SAVE YOUR
PRECIOUS FRIENDS.
DON'T DO IT, YUMA.
THOSE MONSTERS AREN'T WORTH 600
LIFE POINTS, NOT WHEN YOU'RE
ALREADY DOWN SO LOW!
BRONK'S RIGHT
NOW LET'S REALLY TEST THE LIMITS
OF YOUR FOOLISH DEVOTION!
I REVEAL THE ARMOR NINJITSU ART
OF RUST MIST TRAP CARD!
AS LONG AS I HAVE A NINJA IN
PLAY, THE ATTACK POINTS OF EVERY
MONSTER YOU SUMMON
IS SLICED IN HALF!
ARE YOU STILL WILLING TO DO
WHATEVER IT TAKES TO HONOR YOUR
LITTLE FRIENDS, EVEN
WHEN THEY'RE RENDERED
WEAK AND USELESS?
DO NOT LET THIS
DEVELOPMENT STOP YOU FROM
FOLLOWING THROUGH, YUMA,
TRUST YOUR INSTINCTS
AND LISTEN TO YOUR HEART.
HE IS HOPING TO SHATTER YOUR
RESOLVE BY PROVING THAT EVERYONE
IS WILLING TO ABANDON THEIR
FRIENDS TO SAVE THEMSELVES.
I THINK HE IS WRONG.
HE IS WRONG.
I'M ACTIVATING THE
GAGAGABACK SPELL CARD!
WHEN GAGAGA MAGICIAN IS
DESTROYED IN BATTLE, THIS CARD
CAN BRING IT BACK
ALONG WITH ITS FRIEND!
BOTH IT AND DODODO WARRIOR
RETURN TO THE FIELD
AND NOW THE BUMMER PART... I
TAKE 600 POINTS OF DAMAGE
FOR EACH ONE OF 'EM.
OH NO!
HE'S DOWN TO 300 LIFE POINTS
NOW WHAT?
YOU MAY HAVE REVIVED YOUR FALLEN
MONSTERS, BUT NOW THE POWER OF
MY TRAP RUST MIST SLICES THEIR
ATTACK POINTS IN HALF!
YOUR MOVE, LITTLE GNAT.
ARE YOU FEELING FOOLISH YET?
YOUR MONSTERS HAVE BEEN WEAKENED
AND YOU'RE HANGING ON BY A VERY
THIN THREAD, THE BOND YOU
HAVE WITH YOUR MONSTERS
HAS MADE YOU WEAK.
I THINK I'VE GOT
YOU FIGURED OUT.
THE REASON YOU KEEP SAYING THAT
FRIENDSHIP MAKES YOU WEAK?
IS SIMPLE!
YOU DON'T HAVE
ANY FRIENDS, DO YA!?
WHY WOULD I BOTHER RELYING ON
ANYONE OTHER THAN MYSELF?
I'M STRONG ENOUGH
TO STAND ON MY OWN!
I'M CERTAINLY NOT
BEFRIENDING ANY OF MY MONSTERS!
THE OLD MAN'S TEACHINGS
ARE NONSENSE!
DUELING IS ABOUT CONTROLLING
YOUR MONSTERS AND
BENDING THEM TO DO YOUR WILL!
YOU'RE WRONG!
THAT IS NOT WHAT
DUELING IS ABOUT!
YOU TALK A BIG TALK,
LIKE YOU'RE FULL OF FIRE.
BUT YOU'RE NOTHING MORE THAN A
CANDLE IN THE WIND,
DESPERATELY TRYING TO HOLD ON
SOON, YOU WILL BE EXTINGUISHED.
BRING IT ON.
IT'S MY TURN!
I DRAW!
ALL RIGHT!
GET READY!
BECAUSE I'M ACTIVATING THE
GAGAGA BOLT SPELL CARD!
WITH GAGAGA MAGICIAN ON MY
FIELD, IT DESTROYS
ONE OF YOUR CARDS!
IT'S BEEN NICE KNOWIN'
YA, BLADE ARMOR NINJA!
BUH-BYE!
WHY, YOU LITTLE
AND NOW GAGAGA MAGICIAN CAN
ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY!
WHILE WE'RE AT IT - DODODO
WARRIOR CAN ATTACK
YOU DIRECTLY, TOO!
I DON'T THINK SO!
I ACTIVATE AQUA ARMOR'S ABILITY
FROM THE GRAVEYARD!
BY BANISHING THIS CARD, IT STOPS
YOUR MONSTER'S ATTACK!
THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK!
SEE WHEN DODODO WARRIOR ATTACKS
IT CANCELS OUT ALL YOUR SPELLS,
TRAPS AND MONSTER EFFECTS!
WHAT!?
WITH RUST MIST AND AQUA'S
EFFECTS OUT OF THE PICTURE,
THERE'S NOTHING STANDING IN
DODODO WARRIOR'S WAY!
NOW ATTACK!
DODODO AXE!
YEAH!
SUDDENLY, EVERYTHING
IS COMING UP YUMA!
NICE ONE, HUH?
YOU TALK A LOTTA
TRASH AND ACT LIKE
FRIENDSHIP IS FOR LOSERS.
BUT I BELIEVED IN MY FRIENDS AND
THEY CAME THROUGH FOR ME!
I DIDN'T TOSS THEM ASIDE JUST TO
GAIN A SLIGHT ADVANTAGE!
ROKU IS RIGHT!
YOU HAVE TO RESPECT
YOUR MONSTERS!
WHATEVER, SO YOU
LUCKED OUT THIS TIME.
YOU THINK THAT PROVES SOMETHING?
MARK MY WORDS, LITTLE GNAT.
ONE DAY YOU'LL LOOK AROUND,
AND YOUR "FRIENDS"
ARE GONNA BE GONE.
IT'S JUST GONNA BE YOU, ALL
ALONE, WITH NO ONE TO RELY ON
AND YOU'RE GONNA BE SCARED AND
YOU'RE GONNA WISH YOU HADN'T
BEEN SO FOOLISH AS TO
DEPEND ON SOMEONE ELSE!
AND NOW, I DRAW!
I ACTIVATE A SPELL CARD!
THE POWER OF THIS SPELL DESTROYS
EVERY NINJITSU ART ON MY FIELD!
WHY WOULD YOU GO AND GET RID OF
YOUR OWN TRAPS LIKE THAT?
BECAUSE DOING SO ALLOWS ME TO
DRAW TWO NEW CARDS FROM MY DECK.
JUST WHAT ARE YOU UP TO?
WHEN YOU HAVE MONSTERS ON THE
FIELD BUT I DON'T, I CAN SUMMON
EARTH ARMOR NINJA TO MINE!
THIS STRATEGY WORRIES ME.
NEXT, I ACTIVATE THE ARMOR
NINJITSU ART OF
REVIVAL SPELL CARD!
THIS ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON ONE
NINJA FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
SO SAY HELLO TO
FLAME ARMOR NINJA!
AND WHEN IT IS
SUCCESSFULLY SUMMONED, ITS
LEVEL INCREASES BY 1!
WHOA.
LOOK!
HIS HAND, HE MUST
HAVE A NUMBER CARD!
NO WAY.
YOU TRIED HARD, BOY, BUT NOW?
YOU ARE FINISHED!
I'M GOING TO CRUSH YOU!
I OVERLAY EARTH ARMOR NINJA
AND FLAME ARMOR NINJA!
WITH THESE TWO MONSTERS, I
BUILD THE OVERLAY NETWORK,
I XYZ SUMMON NUMBER 12!
CRIMSON SHADOW ARMOR NINJA!
UHM GULP.
THE CRIMSON SHADOW HAS
SHOWN ME THAT TRUE POWER IS
ABOUT RAGE AND MIGHT!
STRENGTH ABOVE EVERYTHING!
AW, MAN.
I DON'T KNOW IF I HAVE ENOUGH
LEFT IN ME TO TAKE ON A NUMBER
SO THIS IS THE MONSTER
THAT'S BEEN FEEDING
OFF OF KAZE'S ANGER.
NOW WHAT?
PREPARE TO CRUMBLE IN THE
WAKE OF TRUE POWER!
CRIMSON SHADOW ATTACK
GAGAGA MAGICIAN!
I'M TOAST.
NOT YET - YOUR TRAP CARD!
OH, YEAH, RIGHT!
MY GUTS GUARD TRAP CARD CAN
FORCE CRIMSON SHADOW TO ATTACK
DODODO WARRIOR INSTEAD
OF GAGAGA MAGICIAN!
AND IT ALSO PROTECTS
DODODO WARRIOR FROM
BEING DESTROYED IN BATTLE!
NOW YOU FINALLY KNOW WHAT
TRUE POWER LOOKS LIKE.
URGH, SAVED BY THE TRAP.
BUT, NEXT TURN, IF I DON'T
MANAGE TO TAKE HIM OUT.
PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER, YUMA!
WHAT THAT BOY NEEDS RIGHT NOW IS
A HEARTY BIT OF DUEL FUEL.
NOBODY CAN WIN ON AN EMPTY
STOMACH, RIGHT, TORI?
I'M ON IT.
TORI?
WHAT'S WRONG?
NO PEPPY LINE ABOUT
HUGS AND SUNSHINE?
NO ROUSING SPEECH ABOUT CHUMMING
IT UP WITH YOUR MONSTERS?
YUMA.
DO NOT LET YOUR DOUBT OVERTAKE
YOU, REMEMBER THAT YOU ARE NOT
ALONE, YOU HAVE GOT
YOUR FRIENDS WITH YOU.
WHEN YOU LEARN TO MAKE THAT FEAR
YOUR OWN, AND WHEN YOU MASTER
HOW TO TAME IT, ONLY
THEN WILL YOU TRULY BE
ABLE TO MOVE A MONSTER.
TO MOVE A MONSTER
I UNDERSTAND THAT WHEN YOUR BACK
IS TO THE WALL, YOU MAY FEEL
OUTNUMBERED.
BUT YOU ARE NOT.
WHEN YOU HAVE FRIENDS,
YOU ARE NEVER ALONE.
YOU CAN DO IT.
YOU GUYS UP FOR THIS?
YOU'RE RIGHT, ASTRAL.
NO MATTER WHAT WE'RE UP AGAINST,
WE'RE ALL IN IT TOGETHER!
IT'S TIME TO TAKE A STAND
WITH MY FRIENDS AND KICK
SOME NINJA BUTT!
YUMA!
CATCH!
DUEL FUEL!
YEAH, YOU ROCK, TORI!
NOW I'M TOTALLY
FEELIN' THE FLOW!
IT'S MY TURN, I DRAW!
YEAH!
THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKIN' ABOUT!
GET READY, 'CAUSE YOU'RE
ABOUT to get Yuma-ed!
MY DECREASE SPELL CARD LOWERS MY
MONSTER'S LEVEL BY 2!
WHICH MEANS I CAN CHANGE
DODODO WARRIOR FROM A
LEVEL 6 TO A LEVEL 4!
WHICH MEANS I CAN OVERLAY GAGAGA
MAGICIAN AND DODODO WARRIOR!
WHICH MEANS I CAN BUILD THE
OVERLAY NETWORK!
WHICH MEANS I CAN XYZ SUMMON!
HERE COMES NUMBER 39... UTOPIA!
YES!
EVERYTHING IS SET-UP.
YOU CAN DO THIS YUMA.
YUP!
UTOPIA TAKE OUT
CRIMSON SHADOW ARMOR NINJA!
GO RISING SUN SLASH!
HOW DO YA' LIKE THAT!
YOU WORM, YOU'RE NOTHING!
YOU WILL NOT DEFEAT
ME LIKE THIS!
BY USING ONE OVERLAY
UNIT, CRIMSON SHADOW
RETURNS TO THE FIELD!
GOOD CAUSE NOW I GET TO THROW
DOWN THE REVENGE ATTACK SPELL!
SO WHEN YOUR MONSTER ATTACKS,
BUT FAILS TO DESTROY ITS
OPPONENT IN BATTLE,
REVENGE ATTACK ACTIVATES
AND INCREASES ITS POWER.
SO UTOPIA GAINS A THOUSAND
ATTACK POINTS AND
THE ABILITY TO ATTACK AGAIN!
IT WHAT!?
WHERE IS THIS
LIGHT COMING FROM!?
I ALWAYS WANTED A
SKYLIGHT, BUT THIS IS
THIS IS WHERE WE WIN THE DUEL!
UTOPIA!
ATTACK WITH RISING SUN SLASH!
THIS CAN'T BE!
YUMA!
NOT BAD, HUH GUYS!?
WELL, I DARE SAY THAT SOMETHING
SEEMS TO HAVE LIFTED
YUMA'S DUELING SPIRITS.
HE'S GOT THAT BOUNCE
IN HIS VOICE AGAIN.
I CAN'T HELP BUT WONDER WHO WE
HAVE TO THANK FOR THAT.
I SIMPLY SHOWED YUMA
THE PATH, HE'S THE ONE
WHO ACTUALLY TOOK THE STEPS.
WELL, I MEAN,
YEAH, IT WAS CLOSE
ANY CLOSER AND YOU'D BE
THE ONE ON THE FLOOR!
NOT FUNNY.
STOP YUMA!
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!
YOU COULD GET HURT!
GET OUTTA THE WAY.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE SO
ANGRY AT, BUT WHATEVER IT IS
SLICING THIS STATUE IN TWO
ISN'T GONNA MAKE IT BETTER.
MASTER ROKU POURED HIS HEART AND
SOUL INTO MAKING THIS STATUE!
YOU DON'T GET TO DESTROY IT JUST
CAUSE YOU'RE HAVING A BAD DAY!
I WAS BETRAYED ONCE
BY MY FRIENDS.
I HAD NOWHERE TO TURN
SO I CAME TO ROKU
SEEKING A NEW DIRECTION
HE SPOKE ABOUT RESPECTING MY
MONSTERS AND TRUSTING THEM, BUT
I LASHED OUT IN ANGER.
I JUST, I CAN'T DO IT, AFTER
WHAT I WENT THROUGH?,
I JUST CAN'T, I DON'T
KNOW HOW TO TRUST ANYONE.
YOU CAN STILL LEARN HOW, MY BOY
IT IS NEVER TOO LATE FOR THAT.
MASTER
KAZE IS GOING TO STAY HERE
AND CONTINUE HIS TRAINING.
HEH!
MAYBE I'LL SWING BY SOMETIME AND
WE CAN DUEL AND THEN YOU CAN
TEACH ME HOW TO WIELD THAT
SWORD LIKE A TRUE MASTER!
WE'LL SEE.
I SO YOU WERE DUELING
BEHIND MY BACK?
I'M JUST KIDDING,
YOU LITTLE DWEEB
FOR REAL - YOU CAN DUEL WHENEVER
YOU WANT TO, YUMA.
YEAH!
DID YA' HEAR THAT, BRONK?
I'M A FREE MAN!
I WANT YOU TO HAVE
THIS DECK, YUMA.
THIS IS THE SANCTUARY'S
LEGENDARY DECK.
I THINK YOU AND THE MONSTERS IN
HERE WILL GET ALONG SPLENDIDLY.
REALLY?
REALLY.
THAT'S SO AWESOME, BUDDY.
YOU CAN USE THOSE TO
STRENGTHEN UP YOUR DECK FOR THE
WORLD DUEL CARNIVAL.
AW, YEAH!
OOH!
ARE YOU PLANNING ON
ENTERING A DUEL TOURNAMENT?
UH-HUH!
ME AND MY MONSTERS
ARE GONNA ROCK IT!
ISN'T THAT RIGHT, ASTRAL?
UH, ASTRAL?
IT SEEMS YUMA HAS
GOTTEN HIS CONFIDENCE BACK,
THAT IS A GOOD THING.
IF WE ARE TO DEFEAT KITE, WE
MUST BOTH BELIEVE WE CAN WIN.
I MUST WORK ON THAT.